<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2025-11-12T13:18:17.794697+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="m5bd983cdda1a60bacf7d534ce16435fcbc5d0f21">
      <author>Luke Dashjr</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-15T17:20:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="Luke Dashjr" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m5bd983cdda1a60bacf7d534ce16435fcbc5d0f21" anchor="meb7a5d25ed1286f42e2f6668405ae49bc6e44013">
      <author>Jeremy</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-15T19:14:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="2" position="2" reply_to="Jeremy" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-meb7a5d25ed1286f42e2f6668405ae49bc6e44013" anchor="m55391cdefd0274c6e10096c7661084254279af4e">
      <author>Luke Dashjr</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-15T19:37:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_4" depth="3" position="3" reply_to="Luke Dashjr" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m55391cdefd0274c6e10096c7661084254279af4e" anchor="m2189f18184fcc3803e4e55c8b0839c4596869e1b">
      <author>Jeremy</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-15T20:59:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_5" depth="4" position="4" reply_to="Jeremy" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m2189f18184fcc3803e4e55c8b0839c4596869e1b" anchor="m483b78f742039d42c5e316710786deddcf943545">
      <author>Luke Dashjr</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-15T21:46:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_6" depth="1" position="5" reply_to="Luke Dashjr" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m5bd983cdda1a60bacf7d534ce16435fcbc5d0f21" anchor="m4a7709d7897cc1b55bcc11c2b14c7666cde6115d">
      <author>Emil Pfeffer</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-16T17:42:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_7" depth="0" position="6" anchor="m14b54a5db2dc0ef695d44290adaac1ab7db6a772">
      <author>Prayank</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-17T08:21:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_8" depth="1" position="7" reply_to="Prayank" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m14b54a5db2dc0ef695d44290adaac1ab7db6a772" anchor="mdbba9bb62a3bf5f93eb31f16e27b262d9ad19b56">
      <author>Emil Pfeffer</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-19T10:45:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_9" depth="2" position="8" reply_to="Emil Pfeffer" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-mdbba9bb62a3bf5f93eb31f16e27b262d9ad19b56" anchor="m4487256cb4cd62c3a5aa3fcd25d3df025bb3269b">
      <author>Prayank</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-19T16:55:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018698_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018697_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018685_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018671_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018640_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018639_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018638_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018637_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018636_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018636.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018636.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018636.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2025-11-12T13:18:17.794746+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018636.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2025-11-12T13:18:17.794748+00:00</published>
    <summary>The conversation revolves around the block time interval of Bitcoin and the protocol for p2p decentralized network. The speaker agrees with the opinions of Greg Maxwell and Chris Belcher regarding the matter and has been sharing them on various platforms. They emphasize that Bitcoin is a protocol, and users are free to run whatever implementation they prefer. The speaker denies the assumption of the existence of any entity that gets to decide what goes on and exclude others from the decision-making process. Instead, they expect experienced individuals to lead the development of Bitcoin. The mention of "we're all Satoshi" refers to learning from the past and not discouraging discussions about soft forks that will improve Bitcoin. In an email exchange on March 17, 2021, Prayank discussed the rushed upgrade of Taproot. They debated whether or not it was a rushed approach, with one person arguing that it depended on the perception of time and past experience. They also discussed rules that can and cannot be changed in regards to upgrading Bitcoin Core and how much time is needed for users to make informed decisions. The conversation touched on various topics such as mass adoption, lightning network, and the freedom of users to decide which implementation to run. Finally, they agreed to involve as few people as possible to speed up the upgrade, while still welcoming everyone to participate and learn.The discussion revolves around the Taproot activation mechanism, and some users are concerned about the speed of the upgrade. However, others argue that it is not rushed and that there is still time for the UASF if required. The aim is to improve Bitcoin and not for quick gains. Lightning Network is a separate project focused on layer 2, which will benefit from Taproot. While "we" do not change things established in the past, MAST threshold can be lower to speed up the upgrade without representing an economic majority. Everyone should be welcome to participate in meetings, ask questions, learn more and contribute, but involving as few people as possible can help get the job done regarding the software and parameters of the new consensus.A meeting is scheduled for March 16th to discuss the proposed Speedy Trial activation plan for Taproot. There is disagreement among developers on whether this plan should be implemented, as it conflicts with the original timeline established for the upgrade. Some developers believe that changing established rules and rushing upgrades sets a bad precedent for Bitcoin development. Additionally, it is noted that progress has been slow on materializing the main activation plan, and more developers need to get involved if it is going to move forward. However, others argue that involving fewer people will make it easier to get the job done. The MAST threshold could be lowered to speed up the upgrade. If turnout for the meeting is low, it may be postponed to a later date.Luke Dashjr, a Bitcoin Core developer, has been discussing the timeline and recommendation from the meeting on February 16th regarding the activation proposal for Taproot. The first period overlaps with the last period of AChow's ST pull request. While a release today is impossible, waiting for a week without making any progress is not preferable either. It is hoped that there will be consensus to adapt around ST, shifting everything later. roconnor suggested enclosing ST's timeline, as it is the best solution. Jeremy Rubin wrote back asking Luke to expand on the timeline issue and which timelines are incompatible and why. He also mentioned that keeping the current timeline would require software supporting it to be released today. Jeremy suggested postponing the meeting by a week to prevent arbitrary “too low turnout” measures. Luke agreed to have a discussion tomorrow and a meeting next week to resolve issues in a more binding way. The previous meeting had consensus for BIP8 activation parameters except LOT, assuming a release around this time. Since then, a release has not occurred, and the new idea of Speedy Trial has been proposed to preempt the original/main activation plan. There haven't been enough people involved in materializing the main activation plan, and if it's going to move forward, more people need to get actively involved. This meeting is tentatively scheduled for March 16th at the usual time of 19:00 UTC, in freenode's ##Taproot-activation IRC channel.On March 15th, a tentative meeting was announced in freenode's ##Taproot-activation IRC channel to discuss the proposed Speedy Trial activation plan and adjust the previous BIP8 activation parameters. The meeting was scheduled for the following day, March 16th, at 19:00 UTC. However, some participants expressed concerns over the short notice of less than 24 hours and suggested postponing the meeting by a week to allow more time for planning. Luke Dashjr, who initiated the meeting, argued that a delay would imply rejection of sticking to the original plan and suggested having a general discussion on March 16th instead. Dashjr stated that if someone wishes to insist on</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>