<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
  <updated>2025-10-12T02:24:42.971223+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="md3500090557ccf5b346b0d8d9584a072cd43518e">
      <author>[bitcoin-dev] (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight Jeremy</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-19T21:41:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="[bitcoin-dev] (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight Jeremy" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-md3500090557ccf5b346b0d8d9584a072cd43518e" anchor="m772b7981f2eb1b0ccafa131fada54fffba7190e0">
      <author>Jeremy</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-21T18:10:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="0" position="2" anchor="mcec56755627927f64f60f05d3a6d5d7c733d1fbf">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-22T12:10:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018711_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018707_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018699_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018699.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018699.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
    <updated>2025-10-12T02:24:42.971806+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018699.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2021-03-22T12:10:03+00:00</published>
    <summary>The activation of Taproot is gaining importance among stakeholders, with the proposed start height set for May 1st. To address any concerns regarding block height versus MTP and proposed timetables, a meeting will be held on Tuesday, which everyone is encouraged to attend. It is crucial to avoid dragging the minimum activation height into December, making November an ideal time. Flexibility exists in the exact timetable to ensure the optimal code is merged. For further assistance, Michael Folkson can be contacted via email or Keybase, and his PGP key is provided.Jeremy Rubin has sent a reminder email for the Taproot Activation Meeting, which he will host. The meeting is scheduled for 19:00 UTC on Tuesday (12pm Pacific Time). Participants are urged to pre-register any comments today or tomorrow, including concerns about using a Speedy Trial to activate Taproot. The primary focus of the meeting will be addressing any blocking issues and finalizing parameter selection. Discussions will also cover selecting between start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial, parameter selection for start/stop/active points, parameter flexibility, and simultaneous UASF. Those unable to attend can pre-register their comments by replying to the email, adhering to the specified categories to keep the meeting on track. An ICS file with scheduling for this meeting and subsequent ones in advance is attached. Ongoing discussions can take place in the open channel, and participants can utilize the web chat client available.Jeremy Rubin has proposed a Taproot Activation Meeting to conclude parameter selection and resolve any blocking issues. The meeting, held fortnightly in the future, will take place on Tuesday. Attendees must pre-register their comments, and the focal points will involve resolving concerns related to using a Speedy Trial for Taproot activation, selecting start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial, parameter selection for start/stop/active points, parameter flexibility, and simultaneous UASF. Specific instructions for participation can be found in the email, and an ongoing discussion can be carried out through the web chat client provided.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>