<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Yesterday’s UASF (LOT=true) kick off meeting</title>
  <updated>2025-11-12T13:18:18.584532+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="m8a929350bf3ef458d2ad6347af51e72247abe6ae">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-03T12:15:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="Michael Folkson" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-m8a929350bf3ef458d2ad6347af51e72247abe6ae" anchor="mdeee08f51b5394a4b295bd7f0f51c2c5e64f3e02">
      <author>Ariel Luaces</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-04T02:18:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="2" position="2" reply_to="Ariel Luaces" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-03-mdeee08f51b5394a4b295bd7f0f51c2c5e64f3e02" anchor="maf8b9536ec89b507b9ef7e015386e00c4b6c8149">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-03-04T10:54:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018556_Yesterday-s-UASF-LOT-true-kick-off-meeting.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018554_Yesterday-s-UASF-LOT-true-kick-off-meeting.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018545_Yesterday-s-UASF-LOT-true-kick-off-meeting.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018545.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018545.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018545.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Yesterday’s UASF (LOT=true) kick off meeting</title>
    <updated>2025-11-12T13:18:18.584709+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018545.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2025-11-12T13:18:18.584721+00:00</published>
    <summary>Ariel Luaces and Michael Folkson have engaged in an email exchange discussing the activation of Taproot on Bitcoin. Michael expresses concern about a small group of conservative developers who are obstructing progress by ignoring the work done by others and delaying the activation until they find their desired solution. He argues that consensus on one parameter of the activation mechanism should not require as high a level of agreement as for the actual soft fork being activated.In contrast, Ariel believes that the current risk to Taproot and future activations comes from a vocal minority of users who threaten to co-opt a LOT=false activation by manipulating the parameter and orchestrating a marketing campaign that could result in a contentious fork if things do not go well. As long as this threat persists, achieving consensus will be challenging. Ariel suggests that Bitcoin should remain as it is until the minority forks off with their own alt-node. If the UASF minority is determined to create the alt-node, Ariel hopes that it will be released promptly to break the deadlock, allowing for an early LOT=false activation.Michael counters Ariel's argument by stating that Ariel misunderstands BIP 8 (LOT=true). He clarifies that no specific timetable has been finalized yet, but the earliest the MUST_SIGNAL period would commence is approximately July 2022. To Michael, this timeline does not seem quick enough if Ariel aims for a LOT=false release following a failed LOT=true release. Michael concludes by expressing hope that people will reconsider their stance as the date approaches and realize that a LOT=true (UASF) version might be the only way to activate Taproot.The discussion surrounding Taproot activation has generated frustration, leading to extensive conversations in high-level activation discussions. The writer notes concerns that the current environment is not conducive to development and review. It appears likely that Core will only ship BIP 8 (1 year, LOT=false) as there is currently no alternative available, which raises the possibility of Core shipping nothing at all. The small group of developers who adopt a conservative approach and engage in philosophical debates are seen as the greatest risk to Taproot's gradual demise, resulting in delays in upgrading and preparing for manageable risks later in the year. This delay is causing the trillion-dollar industry waiting for the upgrade to spend time monitoring arguments instead of making necessary preparations.To ensure Taproot's activation this year (2021), it is essential to provide miners and users with the ability to activate it through any means available, be it Core or a UASF release. Failure to do so may result in Taproot never being activated. The writer emphasizes the need for a UASF (LOT=true) project to be ready, similar to the one in 2017, to prevent a small group from impeding progress. However, the writer also acknowledges that Core should be given the opportunity to ship a BIP 8 (1 year, LOT=false) activation that undergoes thorough review and testing like any other Core consensus code change.Once the situation has calmed down, it is important to reevaluate the progress made and make decisions accordingly. Michael Folkson, the author of this message, can be contacted via email at michaelfolkson@gmail.com, Keybase: michaelfolkson, or PGP: 43ED C999 9F85 1D40 EAF4 9835 92D6 0159 214C FEE3.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>