<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - BIP-119 Deployment and Review Workshops</title>
  <updated>2025-09-26T15:31:04.919828+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="md1277994a32a85a37604f12910f046601cc0d5eb">
      <author>[bitcoin-dev] BIP-119 Deployment and Review Workshops Jeremy</author>
      <timestamp>2021-12-30T20:28:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="[bitcoin-dev] BIP-119 Deployment and Review Workshops Jeremy" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-12-md1277994a32a85a37604f12910f046601cc0d5eb" anchor="m00578fcbc974057e1f30762fa77d2886fda6c116">
      <author>Heritage Samuel Falodun</author>
      <timestamp>2021-12-31T16:56:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Dec_2021/019721_BIP-119-Deployment-and-Review-Workshops.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Dec_2021/019719_BIP-119-Deployment-and-Review-Workshops.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-December/019719.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - BIP-119 Deployment and Review Workshops</title>
    <updated>2025-09-26T15:31:04.920277+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-December/019719.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2021-12-31T16:56:17+00:00</published>
    <summary>Jeremy Rubin, a Bitcoin developer, has announced the scheduling of a recurring meeting every two weeks on Tuesdays at 12:00 PM PT starting January 11th. The purpose of these meetings is to discuss BIP-119 review and deployment topics. Participants are invited to send in topics they would like to cover before each meeting for inclusion in the preliminary agenda.The author emphasizes that the meetings will be moderated closely to ensure that the discussions remain on topic while covering all relevant issues. The goal is to coordinate the review, testing, and iron out any wrinkles around release timelines and procedures based on the author's request for comment.It is important to note that participation in these meetings does not signify endorsement of BIP-119's inclusion or any specific roadmap. Instead, the meetings aim to continue the 'gradient descent process' of consensus in an open, interactive, and productive format. The author assures that logs will be available via gnusha.Interested parties are encouraged to drop a private note to Jeremy or reply to his email if they plan to attend the meetings.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>