<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2025-10-11T02:30:21.872954+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020103_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020093_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020090_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020083_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020081_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020081.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2025-10-11T02:30:21.873035+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020081.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2022-03-10T11:41:52+00:00</published>
    <summary>The email thread on the bitcoin-dev mailing list revolves around the potential addition of a soft fork proposal to Bitcoin core without community consensus. The author expresses concerns about the dismissal of criticism by some developers and emphasizes the need for accountability without resorting to personal attacks. Additionally, the email includes an agenda for an upcoming CTV meeting addressing various topics such as experimental support for Taproot, transaction sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, non-recursive vaults, and more. This discussion underscores the significance of community outreach and consensus-building in the development of Bitcoin consensus changes.The conversation begins with Jorge Tim√≥n inquiring about the feasibility of incorporating CTV into Bitcoin Core. In response, Michael Folkson advises against assuming community consensus and proposes keeping discussions on activation mechanisms and soft fork proposals separate. He emphasizes the importance of patience in achieving community consensus and highlights the activation mechanism known as ST (Speedy Trial) used for Taproot. Michael stresses the significance of welcoming criticism and avoiding blind trust in any individual. Furthermore, he asserts that thorough technical review and community consensus should precede the implementation of any soft fork proposal.The message also includes information regarding an upcoming CTV meeting. The agenda encompasses several items, including a Sapio Taproot support update, a comparison between transaction sponsoring and CPFP/RBF, Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, and a Q&amp;A session. The speaker also mentions the confusion surrounding different terminologies used within the mailing list. Furthermore, there are links provided in the email related to some agenda items, offering additional resources for deeper understanding.On March 8th, a CTV meeting was scheduled at noon PT. The agenda featured updates and discussions on various Bitcoin development topics. The first item focused on a Sapio Taproot support update and requested review, highlighting the experimental support merged on master. The second topic explored Transaction Sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, delving into two distinct methods of confirming transactions on the blockchain. The third item centered around Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, which proposed potential security enhancements for Bitcoin wallets. The fourth agenda item entailed a broad discussion of recent advancements in the Bitcoin community, featuring acronyms like EVICT, TLUV, FOLD, Lisp, OP_ANNEX, Drivechain Covenants, and Jets. Lastly, the meeting concluded with a Q&amp;A session to facilitate questions and discussions.To summarize, a CTV meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at noon PT, encompassing various agenda items. These include a Sapio Taproot support update, Transaction Sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF comparison, Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, understanding recent jargon used on the mailing list, and a Q&amp;A session. The meeting aims to provide updates, foster discussions, and promote engagement among interested parties.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>