<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - BIP process meeting - Tuesday September 14th 23:00 UTC on #bitcoin-dev Libera IRC</title>
  <updated>2025-11-12T13:21:18.632753+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="mbb83d40243a94a683579a49dce85f9f065d39f7f">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-09-07T11:45:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="0" position="1" anchor="mf0b022a0543cd1c364f72d095252ce5e840b1a1f">
      <author>IRC Prayank</author>
      <timestamp>2021-09-14T12:17:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="1" position="2" reply_to="IRC Prayank" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-09-mf0b022a0543cd1c364f72d095252ce5e840b1a1f" anchor="mf1bcd08d19ac655a30c8c683b12270d095ec2566">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-09-14T14:07:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_4" depth="2" position="3" reply_to="Michael Folkson" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-09-mf1bcd08d19ac655a30c8c683b12270d095ec2566" anchor="me7ce5867baee60c3807f5519153bbf3c44a5fbe9">
      <author>Prayank</author>
      <timestamp>2021-09-14T14:50:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_5" depth="3" position="4" reply_to="Prayank" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-09-me7ce5867baee60c3807f5519153bbf3c44a5fbe9" anchor="m1908fcda2bf85d4d4d5d47def7f8faf651b2f301">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-09-14T15:43:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2021/019456_BIP-process-meeting-Tuesday-September-14th-23-00-UTC-on-bitcoin-dev-Libera-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2021/019455_BIP-process-meeting-Tuesday-September-14th-23-00-UTC-on-bitcoin-dev-Libera-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2021/019454_BIP-process-meeting-Tuesday-September-14th-23-00-UTC-on-bitcoin-dev-Libera-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2021/019453_BIP-process-meeting-Tuesday-September-14th-23-00-UTC-on-bitcoin-dev-Libera-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2021/019412_BIP-process-meeting-Tuesday-September-14th-23-00-UTC-on-bitcoin-dev-Libera-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - BIP process meeting - Tuesday September 14th 23:00 UTC on #bitcoin-dev Libera IRC</title>
    <updated>2025-11-12T13:21:18.632872+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019412.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2025-11-12T13:21:18.632878+00:00</published>
    <summary>The bitcoin-dev mailing list is currently discussing ways to enhance the Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) process. Prayank suggests that BIPs are proposals shared on the mailing list and anyone can create directories for them. They propose documenting a proposal, opening a pull request in the bitcoin/bips repository, assigning a number, and merging it before sharing it on the mailing list. Michael recommends using the Git version control system in the repository for easier editing and revision. He also suggests using bots to notify maintainers and contributors of pull requests. Additionally, he suggests creating a BIP Gallery with text and image galleries to promote engagement with the BIP process.The discussion also touches upon the perception of authority and the use of the same organization on GitHub, which some find misleading. ACKs/NACKs are deemed important in discussions related to proposals. The goal is to provide clarity and improve software while maintaining the current state of affairs.Further suggestions include using the Git version control system instead of relying solely on the mailing list for edits and revisions. It is proposed to create a BIP directory linking to proposals shared on the mailing list, allowing updates without altering the original post. Concerns about having a central repository for BIPs are addressed by emphasizing the limited ability of BIP editors to unilaterally merge contentious code changes. A bot in the bitcoin/bips repository could help notify maintainers and contributors regarding pull requests.A previous attempt at a BIP Gallery was made but was not well-received by many. However, an informational BIP could complement the standard BIP for new implementers or casual readers.In summary, the ongoing discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list focuses on improving the BIP process. Suggestions include utilizing the Git version control system, creating a BIP directory, and implementing a bot for notifications. The idea of a BIP Gallery is explored, and there are considerations regarding authority perception and the use of the same organization on GitHub. The ultimate objective is to enhance clarity and software development while maintaining the existing framework.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>