<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Waiting SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT and Packing Packages</title>
  <updated>2025-11-12T13:17:33.958788+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="m5aabc4073edcdc46c71c70cd7cee130456734f12">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-18T22:11:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-06-m5aabc4073edcdc46c71c70cd7cee130456734f12" anchor="mafff0636e4e196bfc5b93903975d4b236fe5255b">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-19T01:34:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="1" position="2" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-06-m5aabc4073edcdc46c71c70cd7cee130456734f12" anchor="m06b1b9085b777916d6f2c0525522e9e3df7fb8c3">
      <author>A. Harding</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-19T13:36:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_4" depth="2" position="3" reply_to="A. Harding" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-06-m06b1b9085b777916d6f2c0525522e9e3df7fb8c3" anchor="m4dfb2e7bd2222737cb0657b5f29ddc83a7b7f4c4">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-21T08:13:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_5" depth="3" position="4" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-06-m4dfb2e7bd2222737cb0657b5f29ddc83a7b7f4c4" anchor="mc2493b3cec3dccb74deaa200a7c6c548f769a437">
      <author>Michael Folkson</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-21T10:20:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_6" depth="4" position="5" reply_to="Michael Folkson" parent_id="mailing-list-2021-06-mc2493b3cec3dccb74deaa200a7c6c548f769a437" anchor="m6bd4e87852ea05a9c8adc6b9a615d554d9b008d7">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2021-06-24T13:03:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019107_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019093_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019092_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019088_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019087_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019084_Waiting-SIGHASH-ANYPREVOUT-and-Packing-Packages.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019107.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019107.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019107.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Waiting SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT and Packing Packages</title>
    <updated>2025-11-12T13:17:33.959029+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019107.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2025-11-12T13:17:33.959039+00:00</published>
    <summary>Antoine Riard and David A. Harding recently had a discussion about potential changes to Bitcoin Core and the Lightning Network. They discussed scalability, coordination among different layers, and long-term roadmaps for decentralized projects like Bitcoin Core. Antoine proposed solutions to technical issues such as pre-signed feerate/tx-pinnings, package-relay, and blind CPFP fee bump transactions. However, caution was suggested before promoting these ideas, and more detailed write-ups and discussions within the Bitcoin community were encouraged.One of the main issues discussed was the pre-signed feerate problem in the Lightning Network. Antoine proposed two potential solutions: package-relay and SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT. While there were concerns about how SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT would solve pinnings beyond previous discussions, package-relay was seen as a clear improvement. The timeline for implementing these changes is uncertain, and creating timelines without consulting a large number of contributors was deemed inappropriate and unrealistic.Antoine emphasized the importance of spreading ideas, learning from mistakes, and building better systems. He invited participants to form their own opinions based on different factors and trusted experts' opinions. He also highlighted the need for concrete numbers and dates to address safety holes in the ecosystem before they become real problems.The discussions also touched on various technical details, including the compatibility of SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT with eltoo and potential attacks that could exploit the anyprevout idea. There were suggestions for more detailed write-ups and discussions within the community before promoting these ideas further.Overall, the discussions revolved around addressing scalability and coordination challenges in Bitcoin development, proposing solutions to technical issues, and emphasizing the importance of careful consideration and collaboration within the Bitcoin community.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>