<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 1st Meeting, Tuesday 15 Nov. 18:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2025-11-12T13:19:49.072537+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="m6f3819e75fd765b67c94204fe6f926eee94d55ea">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-11-01T00:47:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2022-11-m6f3819e75fd765b67c94204fe6f926eee94d55ea" anchor="ma158f2091a614ed99bddf122f4b155fb6f849bca">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-11-14T02:21:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_3" depth="2" position="2" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2022-11-ma158f2091a614ed99bddf122f4b155fb6f849bca" anchor="m2d30c2ac008f8c1307ab3815e7b0b1c4eae7ecd1">
      <author>alicexbt</author>
      <timestamp>2022-11-15T22:36:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_4" depth="1" position="3" reply_to="Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2022-11-m6f3819e75fd765b67c94204fe6f926eee94d55ea" anchor="m1b4db2ceed96dfd3de021c141aff2f6cfbb52da0">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-11-15T23:47:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_5" depth="3" position="4" reply_to="alicexbt" parent_id="mailing-list-2022-11-m2d30c2ac008f8c1307ab3815e7b0b1c4eae7ecd1" anchor="mfe099919190fdf0ac548f4489383286ca9123d61">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-11-15T23:49:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2022/021212_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-1st-Meeting-Tuesday-15-Nov-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2022/021211_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-1st-Meeting-Tuesday-15-Nov-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2022/021210_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-1st-Meeting-Tuesday-15-Nov-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2022/021207_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-1st-Meeting-Tuesday-15-Nov-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2022/021139_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-1st-Meeting-Tuesday-15-Nov-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-November/021139.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-November/021139.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-November/021139.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 1st Meeting, Tuesday 15 Nov. 18:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2025-11-12T13:19:49.072647+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-November/021139.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2025-11-12T13:19:49.072653+00:00</published>
    <summary>On November 15th, the Bitcoin Contracting Primitives working group held their first meeting to discuss various covenant interests, including state channels, universal settlement layer, transaction introspection covenants, vaults/self-custody, MATT covenants, logical label covenant, congestion control, and DLC. The goal of the process is to address misunderstandings, coordinate around goals, highlight consensus building, and help achieve covenant-style upgrades. The next meeting will focus on archiving all known consistent contracting primitives and protocols. Meetings will be held every month on the 3rd Tuesday, and logs are available on GitHub for reference. Antoine Riard proposed the date and time for the first meeting, which took place on November 15th at 18:00 UTC. The communication venue is #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera Chat. Attendees are encouraged to share their expectations, ideas, and subjects of interest related to the R&amp;D process. Those working on contracting protocols or other use-cases can open an issue on GitHub. Efforts will be made to have a schedule inclusive of most time zones, and alternative communication formats such as jitsi/audio-based meetings are being considered. In addition, a message was sent to Bitcoin developers regarding the upcoming session on November 15th. The topics for discussion include anyprevout, recursive covenants, introspection, new malleability flags, ZK rollups, new contracting protocols, and other ideas. The sender suggests adding CTV: BIP-119 OP_CHECKTEMPLATEVERIFY to the discussion. The meeting will take place at 18:00 UTC and will have a monthly frequency. The communication venue is #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera Chat. Attendees are encouraged to share their thoughts on the topics. Those working on contracting protocols or other relevant use-cases can open an issue on GitHub. A schedule that accommodates most time zones may be considered.Antoine Riard is initiating a new community process for Bitcoin developers to discuss various topics related to contracting primitives. The first session took place on November 15th, and the meetings will continue on a monthly basis. The communication venue is #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera Chat. The agenda for the meetings is to listen to attendees' expectations, ideas, and subjects of interest regarding the contracting primitives R&amp;D process. Those working on contracting protocols or other use-cases can open an issue on GitHub. The group aims to have a schedule that is inclusive of most time zones, and alternative communication formats such as jitsi/audio-based meetings are being considered. The topics for discussion include anyprevout, recursive covenants, introspection, new malleability flags, ZK rollups, and new contracting protocols.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>