<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 2nd Meeting, Tuesday 20 Dec. 18:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2025-10-12T01:01:43.461539+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <thread>
    <message id="msg_1" depth="0" position="0" anchor="m2c114a284c7f7a12007dec9a8c4415569a39fd60">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-12-12T16:13:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
    <message id="msg_2" depth="1" position="1" reply_to="[bitcoin-dev] Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 2nd Meeting, Tuesday 20 Dec. 18:00 UTC Antoine Riard" parent_id="mailing-list-2022-12-m2c114a284c7f7a12007dec9a8c4415569a39fd60" anchor="mcfa25c341d70513627f737a1434234c5f463f51b">
      <author>Antoine Riard</author>
      <timestamp>2022-12-20T02:35:00.000Z</timestamp>
    </message>
  </thread>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Dec_2022/021294_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-2nd-Meeting-Tuesday-20-Dec-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate" />
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Dec_2022/021269_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-2nd-Meeting-Tuesday-20-Dec-18-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate" />
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-December/021269.html" rel="alternate" />
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-December/021269.html" rel="alternate" />
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 2nd Meeting, Tuesday 20 Dec. 18:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2025-10-12T01:01:43.461989+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-December/021269.html" rel="alternate" />
    <published>2022-12-20T02:35:04+00:00</published>
    <summary>The Bitcoin Contracting Primitives Working Group has scheduled their second meeting on Tuesday, December 20th at 18:00 UTC. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss contracting protocol use-cases and corresponding primitives, ensuring that all known ideas from the community are considered. Antoine Riard, a member of the group, encourages anyone who has been working on a primitive or use-case that is missing from the current listing to open a PR or contact him directly. The second part of the meeting will focus on addressing any blockers participants may have in their contracting primitives/covenant research and providing additional review on proposals if necessary. Communication for the group will take place on #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera Chat, and logs from the previous session can be found on GitHub. Antoine's personal goal for this meeting is to continue developing a taproot annex implementation, which could serve as a fee-bumping primitive and constrained amount malleability extension for multi-party channels and other applications.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>