<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Wednesday’s second BIP process meeting</title>
  <updated>2025-10-21T02:51:57.228533+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2021/019520_Wednesday-s-second-BIP-process-meeting.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2021/019510_Wednesday-s-second-BIP-process-meeting.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Wednesday’s second BIP process meeting</title>
    <updated>2025-10-21T02:51:57.228616+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2021-10-06T04:02:55+00:00</published>
    <summary>The recent BIP process meetings focused on various topics related to Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIPs). One of the main issues discussed was the concern about having too many BIPs of varying quality, similar to what Ethereum has experienced. Storing BIPs in multiple repositories was considered impractical as it would be difficult to monitor and maintain them all. The participants acknowledged the desire for greater decentralization but emphasized the importance of having a centralized repository for easier management.The discussions also touched upon the motivations behind introducing alternative parallel processes to the BIPs, such as BOLTs and SLIPs. While anyone is free to set up their own repositories or parallel processes, there was a need to prevent unnecessary splintering and ensure that important documents are properly BIPed. Concerns were raised about the absence of certain BIPs, like BIP 48, and whether Lightning BOLTs should be treated as BIPs in the future.Kalle Alm's proposal for BIP extensions received support from the participants, but further clarity on their usage was requested. It was suggested that using dates or short extension names instead of numbers would be more effective and avoid confusion.The participants agreed that further discussion should take place on the #bitcoin-dev Libera IRC channel. Progress is expected on an update to BIP 3 in the coming weeks and months. Efforts were made to increase participation in the meetings, including reaching out to Christopher and utilizing social media platforms.However, it was noted that influential developers who had previously advocated for decentralization were not present at the meetings, and there has been no follow-up on the mailing list. Decentralization was seen as necessary only in cases where there were issues with Luke Dashjr.Overall, the BIP process meetings provided valuable insights and highlighted the need for balancing decentralization with practicality. Further discussions and updates are anticipated in the near future.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>