<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Meeting 21:00 UTC #bitcoin-dev Freenode IRC</title>
  <updated>2025-10-22T02:50:26.567537+00:00</updated>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Jan_2012/001025_Meeting-21-00-UTC-bitcoin-dev-Freenode-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Jan_2012/001022_Meeting-21-00-UTC-bitcoin-dev-Freenode-IRC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Meeting 21:00 UTC #bitcoin-dev Freenode IRC</title>
    <updated>2025-10-22T02:50:26.567645+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <published>2012-01-02T21:24:12+00:00</published>
    <summary>Amir Taaki has sent out an email announcing a meeting to discuss the new OP_EVAL changes coming to Bitcoin. The purpose of the meeting is to prevent fragmentation and ensure harmony among projects by providing a platform for proposing and debating concepts and algorithms. The goal is to have weekly meetings, which will make Bitcoin development and the system more accessible. To facilitate discussions, a wiki page will be created before each meeting where participants can add talking points throughout the week. After the meeting, a log of the discussion will be posted online, and a summary will be typed for the community at large on bitcoinmedia.com.The meeting is scheduled to take place on Freenode IRC #bitcoin-dev from 21:00 to 22:00 UTC (16:00 New York time). It is expected that the meeting will not exceed one hour to avoid off-topic discussions. The hope is that having a regular, scheduled platform will allow for better coordination and collaboration among Bitcoin projects.In addition to the meeting details, the email also mentions Citrix VDI-in-a-Box, which is a solution for delivering seamless and secure access to virtual desktops.</summary>
  </entry>
</feed>