<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<ns0:feed xmlns:ns0="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <ns0:id>2</ns0:id>
  <ns0:title>Combined summary - 2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</ns0:title>
  <ns0:updated>2025-11-11T02:55:39.789155+00:00</ns0:updated>
  <ns0:generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</ns0:generator>
  <ns0:author>
    <ns0:name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-09-25T00:29:02.000Z</ns0:name>
  </ns0:author>
  <ns0:author>
    <ns0:name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2015-09-28T18:26:14.000Z</ns0:name>
  </ns0:author>
  <ns0:link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011232_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011190_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
  <ns0:entry>
    <ns0:id>2</ns0:id>
    <ns0:title>Combined summary - 2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</ns0:title>
    <ns0:updated>2025-11-11T02:55:39.789278+00:00</ns0:updated>
    <ns0:link href="https://gnusha.org/url/https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <ns0:published>2015-09-28T18:26:14+00:00</ns0:published>
    <ns0:summary>In September 2015, a Bitcoin development meeting took place, attended by developers such as luke-jr, CodeShark, sipa, morcos, sdaftuar, dstadulis, jtimon, wumpus, jgarzik, kanzure, gmaxwell, cfields, and gavinandresen. Daniel Stadulis, one of the attendees, shared the minutes of the meeting via email with the rest of the participants. Wladimir responded to this email, expressing gratitude for sharing the minutes and suggesting that they be posted on the wiki as well.The meeting, known as the #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting, was held on September 24, 2015, from 19:00-20:00 UTC. Detailed minutes and IRC chat logs from the meeting can be found on bitcoinstats.com. Various topics were discussed during the meeting, including libconsensus and refactoring, goals for the upcoming 0.12 release, the BIP process, and ongoing projects. One of the key discussions revolved around the readiness of libsecp256k1 for the 0.12 release, with participants suggesting the need for a native OSX travis build. It was also proposed that the libsecp256k1 validation PR should be put forward once all currently-in-pipeline API changes are merged. Other topics addressed included OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, mempool limiting, version bits, and splitting off script base classes/execution for use in consensus.At the end of the meeting, action items were assigned to the attendees. These included reviewing mempool pulls for concept, ensuring libsecp256k1 has a native OSX travis build, proposing the libsecp256k1 validation PR, reviewing BIP 68 and specific pull requests, and assigning a versionbits BIP number to gmaxwell. The discussion on mempool limiting was postponed to the next meeting scheduled for October 1, 2015.To document the minutes and conclusions of the meeting, a Google Doc was created. The minutes were initially shared via email by Daniel Stadulis and subsequently considered for posting on the wiki as suggested by Wladimir.</ns0:summary>
  </ns0:entry>
</ns0:feed>